README.md, before:

# Interactive Gallery
# Overview
This is an interactive photo gallery. A gallery of images is laid out using basic HTML and CSS. When you select an image, you'll see a lightbox that has more information (ie. title and description). There is also a small preview of the gallery that can be inserted into another page of a website. This preview can scroll through different images using JavaScript. I created this to demonstrate the skills I've learned and developed with JavaScript.


{Provide a link to your YouTube demonstration. It should be a 4-5 minute demo of the software running and a walkthrough of the code. The focus should be on sharing what you learned about the language syntax.}

[Interactive Gallery Demo Video](http://youtube.link.goes.here)

# Development Environment
Tools I used for this program:
- Visual Studio Code
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript

  JavaScript is a widely used programming language. It frequently goes hand in hand with HTML and CSS for front-end development and is commonly used specifically to make features interactive. It is also useful when working with a server and databases.
 
# Useful Websites
- w3schools (https://www.w3schools.com/js/)
- codecademy (https://www.codecademy.com/courses/introduction-to-javascript/lessons/introduction-to-javascript/exercises/types)

# Future Work
- I'd change the size of the lightbox, and the opacity of the background.
- I want to look into other options for the scrolling gallery preview feature. I'll experiment with the arrow moving the images over one at a time instead of five at a time.
- I want to learn how to make it adaptive to screen size.

Commit message:

Finish To-Do list and ReadMe

README.md, after:

# Interactive Gallery

# Overview

This is a web based to-do list that allows users to add, remove, and check off to-do list items. You are able to write a new task in a text box before cliking the "Add Task" button to add it to the list. If you click the item, it will cross it off. You can also click and highlight that task item (though you'll have to uncross off the item as well). I created this to demonstrate the skills I've learned and developed with JavaScript.

{Provide a link to your YouTube demonstration. It should be a 4-5 minute demo of the software running and a walkthrough of the code. The focus should be on sharing what you learned about the language syntax.}

[To-do List Demo Video](http://youtube.link.goes.here)

# Development Environment

Tools I used for this program:

- Visual Studio Code
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript

  JavaScript is a widely used programming language. It frequently goes hand in hand with HTML and CSS for front-end development and is commonly used specifically to make features interactive. It is also useful when working with a server and databases.

# Useful Websites

- w3schools (https://www.w3schools.com/js/)
- chatgpt (https://chat.openai.com/)
- codecademy (https://www.codecademy.com/courses/introduction-to-javascript/lessons/introduction-to-javascript/exercises/types)

# Future Work

- I'd change it so you can choose to highlight or cross off, depending on what you want.
- I'd add some html and css to make it more visually appealing.
- I want to learn how to make it adaptive to screen size.
- I'd also like to save the to-do list items for future reference.
